$Id: bw-and-quanta.txt 25 2009-03-13 16:07:51Z j-waldby $

bw-and-quanta produces four menus along the left edge of the screen,
demonstrating the effects of four different sets of button-size
controls.  All of the menus have the same buttons, but each menu has a
different combination of controls:

   The top menu has:  no buxMargin or buQuanta or -bw settings.
   The 2nd menu has:  -de buQuanta:3
   The 3rd menu has:  -de buQuanta:7
   The 4th menu has:  -bw aaaaaaaa

The title of each menu-window shows which button-size controls it
uses.  Note that the first menu, with no buxMargin or buQuanta or -bw
settings, allows adequate room around each label; the menu is clear
and usable, but the varying sizes of buttons and lack of alignments
may be distracting.  The next two menus use -de buQuanta settings to
influence button sizes.  A "quantum" is the number of label characters
per "width unit" that yume3 uses when computing total width units in a
row of buttons.  A small quantum will give finer gradation among
button sizes than a larger quantum.  The last menu's -bw aaaaaaaa
specification makes all the buttons of a row the same size.


About the shell commands of this example --

bw-and-quanta includes file bw-and-quanta.in to make the buttons of
the example menus.  (An early version of bw-and-quanta had four
different yume commands, so it was convenient to use one include file
for the bulk of each menu.)  We export shell-variable $B='firefox' to
tell bw-and-quanta.in what browser commands to create for URL access.
Thus, B will be available in yume's environment, and variables in that
environment are available for substitution within the include file.

The current version of bw-and-quanta defines function bwe() and uses
it to create each example.  All arguments to bwe() will appear in the
window title of a yume menu.  All the arguments except the first will
be used as yume parameters.  At end, bwe() uses expr to compute the
y-coordinate value to use next time.  It adds the box height H to
previous height Y, plus 35 pixels for box frame size.

Note that many of the commands or links in bw-and-quanta.in have been
converted to nonsense because the actual commands were irrelevant to
demonstrating how the labels fit into variously-sized boxes.  So this
menu has some broken commands and links among its URLs.  Oh well.
Within bw-and-quanta.in, a line like 
   -la blab   "$B burl"
would create a button labeled blab, and action "firefox burl".  If you
use some other browser than firefox, change the value of B in
bw-and-quanta.   If the <browsername url> syntax doesn't work for the
other browser, you may need to create an intermediary shell script.
For example, if we require  syntax <netscape -remote OpenURL(someurl)>
we could create an executable shell script neturl containing
    #!/bin/sh
    netscape -remote OpenURL("$1")
and in bw-and-quanta, say
    export B='neturl'
