$Id: screen-save.txt 7 2009-02-25 15:19:11Z j-waldby $
screen-save yume example

Creates a menu with buttons labeled ls, ll, Show, exit, Import,
Import window, and Import w/ frame, for saving screen-shots
sequentially in a screen-saver directory.

Accepts 3 or 4 parameters, to set values of shell variables PIXDIR,
PREFIX, and DELTA.  If not specified otherwise, these default to
$HOME/pix, "screen-", and 10.  Under the defaults, screen shots are
saved in $HOME/pix with names of form screen-nnnn.jpg, (eg,
screen-1100.jpg, screen-1110.jpg, ...)  where nnnn is a number that
increases by 10 between pictures.

Click "Import" to save a screenshot as next-numbered .jpg file in
$PIXDIR directory.  This uses import from the ImageMagick suite.  See
import(1).  After you click import, a fat plus sign will replace the
usual mouse cursor.  Move it to a corner of an area you wish to
capture, press the left mouse button, move to an opposite corner,
release mouse button.  import will beep, will capture an image of your
selected area, then will beep again.

Click "Import window" to save a screenshot of a particular window's
contents as next-numbered .jpg file in $PIXDIR.  After you click
"Import window" a small plus sign will replace the usual mouse cursor.
Move it onto some part within the window you wish to capture and press
the left mouse button.  import will beep and expose the window if it
was buried, will capture an image of the window's contents, then will
beep again.  Clicking on screen background areas will capture the
whole screen.

Click "Import w/ frame" to save a screenshot of a particular window's
contents and its window-manager frame.

Click "Show" to run "kuickshow .", which will display pictures in
$PIXDIR directory.  If you use some other picture viewer, edit
screen-save accordingly.

When started with not more than 3 parameters, screen-save creates the
screen-save menu described earlier, and places it at the lower right
corner of the screen.

When started with 4 or more parameters, if the fourth is "T"
screen-save computes its next number N, then runs "import $YOPTS
$PREFIX$N.jpg" to take a screen-shot of user-selected area.  $YOPTS is
used to choose between different actions of Import, Import window, and
Import w/ frame buttons.  By editing screen-save, one can add import
command options to (for example) capture particular windows
non-interactively.  If the fourth parameter is "D", screen-save
creates a different menu that can be used for testing different import
options, although such options can also be easily tested at a shell
prompt.
